propose experimental folder (#632)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: experimental/README.md

# Experimental features

This folder will be used to develop experimental features. Experimental status allows to develop components that are on trajectory to become a part of a main project while allowing a faster cadence of merges and collaboration.

Experimental features must be:

> - Implementeable as a plugin to OpenTelemetry components (API, SDK, collector, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implementable as a plugin to OpenTelemetry components (API, SDK, collector, etc.).
```

# Experimental features

This folder will be used to develop experimental features. Experimental features must be:

- Implementeable as a plugin to OpenTelemetry components (API, SDK, collector, etc.).
- Be in active development or testing.
- Approved as a general direction via OTEP process.

> Experimental status allows to develop components that are on trajectory to become a part of a main package while developed on a faster cadence. Experimental status precedes alpha version. Specifications from this folder MUST go thru the regular PR review process when moving out of experimental status.

Reviewer 2: > MUST go thru the regular PR review process

I think this is a given for any changes to the spec, including changes that still remain under /experimental.

Reviewer 3: > "SDKs that opt-in to implement experimental feature X .... SHOULD/MUST ..."

@yurishkuro This sounds like a reasonable interpretation to me. I'd also clarify this in a one-liner in the introduction of each feature/file, so it can be interpreted correctly even when someone misses to check the exact file path.

Author: I updated wording. The main point is that the move from experimental to alpha is ANOTHER PR that assumes a fair and thorough review. Experimental folder is a place for collaboration and learning.

# Experimental features

This folder will be used to develop experimental features. Experimental status allows to develop components that are on trajectory to become a part of a main project while allowing a faster cadence of merges and collaboration.

Experimental features must be:

- Implementeable as a plugin to OpenTelemetry components (API, SDK, collector, etc.).
- Be in active development or testing.
- Approved as a general direction via OTEP process.

All files in experimental folder must have a note about it's experimental status to avoid any confusion.

Experimental status precedes the alpha version. All changes for experimental folder go via the regular review process. Changes are allowed to be merged faster as completeness of a solution is not a requirement. Approval means that proposed changes are OK for experimentation.

> When the feature or it's part is developed enough to move to alpha version of a main project and out of experimental status, it must go thru the ***new*** PR and it must be expected that design and APIs will be changed. In fact, the same people who approved the experiment may likely be the most critical reviewers. It demonstrates an interest and involvement, not the critique.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When the feature or parts of it are developed far enough to declare them as an alpha version of a main project and move out of the experimental status, it must go through a **new** OTEP PR and it must be expected that design and APIs will be changed. In fact, the same people who approved the experiment may likely be the most critical reviewers. It demonstrates an interest and involvement, not critique.
```

The last sentence should be obvious and apply to all reviews, however 😉
